>> I jumped off the
cliff and I was caught.
Each time I took that leap
and committed to trusting
and surrendering in that way,
I was caught again and again,
and sometimes, really,
at the last moment.
Like, I would still say, OK,
I trust, I trust, I surrender.
And now it's like I reached the
point where I really trust it.
So it's easier now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We want you to bring more
silence and more stillness
into your life.
And a great way to do this is by
becoming aware of your breath.
Let yourself become
slow and follow
the movements of the breath.
And let the thoughts go crazy.
Let the energy in your
body move as it wants to.
Because whether you are
still in that moment,
or whether you are
all stressed out,
it is not changing the
situation of that moment.
But what it will
change is the future
that you are manifesting.
Because right now,
and in every moment,
you are creating
your own future based
on your level of consciousness,
your level of presence,
your vibration.
And the most effective way that
you can get yourself on track
is to be connected within
yourself to your higher self.
And the way to connect
to your higher self
is through the silence,
through the stillness,
through the heart, through
allowing what is here.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Louise, hi.
>> Hi.
>> Welcome.
>> Thank you.
>> We're in LA, and this
is your first time here?
>> Yes.
>> Excellent.
How do you like it so far?
>> I love it so far.
>> Perfect.
>> It's meeting all
my expectations.
>> OK.
What were those expectations?
>> Sun.
>> Sun, yeah, we got that.
>> Beautiful scenery.
Like we went out this
morning, and there were
palm trees and
then the mountains
just kind of-- the
backdrop for the town.
>> Right.
>> It's just amazing.
>> Excellent, excellent.
>> And the people are so
relaxed and open and friendly.
Just the energy here is like
really chill and laid back
and yeah--
>> We get a lot of
sun, so you get--
it's like the movies, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> Happy days.
Where are you from?
>> I'm originally from
the north of England.
>> OK.
So is there a lot of rain there?
>> A lot of rain.
>> OK, big difference, right?
>> I'm like maxed out.
I've overdosed on rain.
>> Overdosed on it, OK.
>> Yeah, I'm deprived of sun.
So every chance I get, I'm
just soaking up the rays.
I love it.
>> Excellent.
Is that where you--
are you in the north of England?
Exactly where?
I've never been to England, so--
>> It's a county
called Lancashire.
>> OK.
>> It's about 45-minute
drive north of Manchester
and Liverpool.
Most people know
those two cities.
>> Yep.
>> And it's just south of an
area called the Lake District,
which is a really
beautiful nature area.
>> OK.
And do you live there now still?
Or--
>> No.
I left there when I was like
18, when I went to university.
And then I kind of never really
went back-- just to visit.
I don't really live
anywhere right now.
Well, planet Earth.
>> Planet Earth.
>> You could say, yeah, I've
been traveling for like 3
and 1/2 years now.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So I usually spend like
three to six months in one place
and just go where
my heart calls me--
sometimes shorter, like
one week here in LA.
>> Right.
You're a channel.
And any other labels
you would give
yourself other than
channeling right now?
Or what would you call yourself?
>> I prefer not to use labels
because I think any kind
of label is really limiting
what we really are.
And what we really
are, our true essence,
it can't really be named.
>> Well said.
Very well said.
So you are you.
>> And I'm also you.
>> And you're also me.
Exactly, exactly, exactly.
So what are you doing now?
What excites you?
What is your-- in your--
>> What excites me is
this work that I'm doing.
Like it doesn't even feel
right to call it work in a way
because the idea we have
of work is a little bit,
kind of heavy or negative.
It's more like I'm
just living my passion
and allowing this creative
expression to flow
through me how it wants to.
And I'm channeling mostly
a Pleiadian Collective that
refer to themselves as Aikon.
And I work with people
one-on-one channeling,
and I do group events.
And I also work
with people doing
what I call Embodied Awareness.
>> OK.
And can you explain that?
>> Yeah, Embodied Awareness
is to sit together and rest
as pure awareness and
meet from this space,
which is very safe and
unconditionally loving,
which is a space where
everything is welcome.
And in the moment,
whatever rises up
or whatever wants
to be explored,
we meet that from
unconditional love.
And a very deep
healing can take place
because there's parts in
us that we tend to repress
or shove down, or we
label and judge as bad.
I'm not spiritual if I
experience anger or sadness,
all these negative emotions.
I invite people to look at
that differently and really
explore those
aspects of ourselves
so that they can integrate.
>> Yep.
And did that come through
the channeling work
that you've done?
Or how did you come to
do that, do this work?
>> Yeah, it's hard to
really draw the line,
like this is channeling,
and this is just kind
of what's developed as a product
of my own personal experience
in a spiritual journey.
Because it feels sometimes
like the two merge as one.
And I'm also learning
from what I channel.
I'm applying that in my own
life, and I'm learning from it
and I'm sharing it
with other people.
I think the major difference
is that when I channel,
there's a distinctive energy
that comes with the channeling
that people, most people,
feel it very strongly
and it really touches them.
A lot of people cry when
they experience that.
>> Interesting.
And when you go into that
state and bring in that energy,
are you aware?
Are you--
>> Yeah, I am.
>> OK.
But you can still tell
it's another energy?
>> Yeah, it kind of feels
like I'm in an altered state
of consciousness.
>> OK.
>> Like I'm in a
deep meditation.
And when I come out of it,
it's always a bit like, yeah,
I feel a distinct shift between
the state of consciousness
I'm in when I'm channeling
and how I am now.
>> I see.
>> Yeah.
>> How did this first begin?
When did this come
through in this way?
Aikon?
>> Yeah, it feels like there's
a lot of things that led up
to the moment when
it first happened.
So I can't really say
there was a definite start.
Maybe the day I was born.
>> Of course.
>> Because it feels
like when I look back,
I see how a lot of things
kind of led up to it.
But what really played
a big part in it
was a trip to India,
my first trip to India.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And I'd quit my job.
I was working as a teacher
before that, and I quit my job,
and I left my apartment, and I
got a one-way ticket to India.
>> Wow.
>> And I didn't know
what was going to happen.
I didn't know what
I was going to do.
And I went to a place
called Rishikesh,
in the foothills
of the Himalaya.
>> What guided you to
that spot, particularly?
>> Well, first of all, I
was guided to go to India
by an experience that I had
when I went to see Amma.
I don't know if you know--
>> Oh yeah, sure.
>> --Amma, the hugging saint.
I was living in the
Netherlands at the time,
and she came there,
and I heard about her
and so I decided
to go and see her.
And then I waited a really long
time to get the hug off her.
For people who are listening,
if they don't know who she is,
she's called the hugging saint.
And she basically just hugs
people and some magic happens.
>> OK.
>> So I was really curious.
I waited hours.
It was like 2:00 in the morning
I finally got my hug off Amma.
>> Wow.
>> And it was a very
strong experience for me,
really intense.
And I felt--
>> The hugging?
>> Yeah.
It's over very fast, and
it's kind of overwhelming.
There's a lot of
people around you.
There's loud music, and
you're kind of pushed,
and then you get your hug, and
she shoves a piece of chocolate
in your mouth and somebody--
>> Chocolate?
>> Yeah.
Somebody pulls you out, and
you're a bit disoriented.
And there's this very strong
energy field around her
as well.
And it kind of hit
me really hard.
I was like, whoa, I
need to go and lie down.
>> Wow.
>> So I went in the back
room and I lay down.
I had my eyes
closed, and I started
to see this kind
of purple coming
here, like a kind of purple
tunnel, like something opening.
And when it happened, this
voice said to me, go to India.
What you seek, you
shall find there.
And I've always
remembered those words
because it touched me
so deeply in my heart.
And that's when I decided,
OK, I'm going to India.
>> Wow.
>> And I'd heard from people
about this place, Rishikesh.
>> OK.
>> And I'd heard that there's
some spiritual teachers that go
there every year.
So I just felt drawn
to going there.
It's--
>> Is there a specific type
of teaching from the area?
Or a religion, I should say?
Or some kind of thing or no?
>> Well, different teachers
have their own lineage.
>> OK.
>> But it's a place in India
that's renowned for the sadhus,
the spiritual--
usually, they're men.
They leave their families.
They renounce life.
And they go to
meditate in a cave.
Well, Rishikesh is the holy
place where they're drawn to.
>> OK.
>> So a lot of spiritual
teachers and spiritual seekers
are attracted to that place.
And it's right on
the River Ganges.
Yeah, so there's a very
special energy in that place,
and it attracts a lot
of spiritual seekers.
And while I was
there, there were
a few really
well-known spiritual
teachers that I
went to see, one who
speaks very deeply to my heart.
He's very well known.
I went to Mooji's satsang.
>> Mooji?
>> Mooji.
Yeah, do you know him?
>> No, I'm not familiar.
>> OK.
So he goes every
year to Rishikesh,
and he does six
weeks of satsang--
>> And what's that?
>> --which is where he
kind of sits at the front.
And there's a big hall, maybe
1,000 people sat in there.
>> Wow.
>> And the energy and his
presence is very strong.
And people can go up to the
microphone ask him a question.
>> OK.
>> And he points people towards
having a direct experience
of their true nature.
And it was one of
the first days that I
went there, I was
set in this hall,
and he said, I'm going to do
a guided kind of meditation
with you, which is what's
known as self-inquiry,
to ask within
yourself, who am I?
And I closed my eyes and I
followed all his instruction,
as he guided everyone through
this step-by-step process
of self-inquiry.
And at a certain moment--
I don't even have
words to describe
what happened-- but it
was something like my mind
exploding, and my mind
just wasn't there.
And there was a recognition in
that moment of absolute peace
and unity and connectedness
with everything.
And it basically just
changed my whole life.
And how I perceive life
was differently, how I--
>> In that moment?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> And how I interacted
with people was differently.
>> In what way after that?
>> Because--
>> Or before?
>> --I recognized that there's
no separation between us
actually.
And the mind creates itself.
And all the ideas I
have about who I am
is the primary
cause of suffering.
So once there's a recognition
that there's this story running
in the mind--
and that's actually
not who I am.
And there's a capacity
to observe that story
and observe the thoughts.
It's like there's no longer
identification with it.
And it felt like a
divine blessing for me
to experience that.
>> So after that, you sort
of had a different outlook
on life?
>> Yeah.
It was almost like life seemed
to be more like a dream--
>> Is it?
>> --and I'm kind of playing
a character in a dream.
And a lot of the
intensity kind of lifted,
the heaviness lifted,
and it really changed me.
>> Hmm.
>> I think I experienced more
awareness of my behavior,
of the energies running through
me, how I'm meeting people.
Every aspect of my life changed.
>> How long ago was that?
>> That was about
three years ago.
>> Oh, OK.
So fairly recent.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
And then it was after
that when you started
connecting with Aikon energy?
>> Yeah, it was a few
months after that.
It was clear to me it's
not true for me to go back
to my teaching job anymore.
And I--
>> And what were you teaching?
>> I taught English
as a foreign language.
>> Oh.
>> So I taught foreigners
how to speak English.
I really enjoyed it.
Actually, it was a lot of fun.
>> And you did that
in England or--
>> I did it in
England, and also,
I taught in Italy for a while.
>> OK.
>> Yeah, I got to meet a lot of
people from all over the world.
Yeah, it was really--
>> I did that.
I lived in Japan for a while--
>> Oh, really?
>> --and taught Jap-- or I
taught English to the Japanese
people for a little bit, yeah.
>> Yeah, so I started
to question like, OK,
so what am I going to do now?
And I felt in my heart
this longing, that
wanting to do something that was
really in alignment, which was
my higher purpose, let's say.
And I would have done
anything, no matter what
it was, as long as it was
really aligned for me.
And this feeling was
overwhelming in a way.
It was so strong.
And I made a prayer in my
heart to the greater power,
the universe, God, whatever
you want to call it,
and I said, please, please
just show me whatever
it is that you want me to do.
I'll do it.
And it was like a moment
of absolute surrender.
And all my desires of my
ego mind or anything I
thought I want, I just
surrendered it all.
And I just really prayed
for my heart to be shown.
And the next day
I was meditating.
And in my meditation, I
kind of went really deep
to that place where--
I don't know if you've ever
experienced meditating.
Your whole body
kind of goes numb?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So it was a really
deep one like that.
And suddenly, it felt like
something opened up here.
Almost like a door
opened, like this.
And the channeling
just came through.
I just knew I was channeling.
And it felt very natural
for me and easy and flowing.
Yeah, there wasn't
any doubt with it.
>> And then that sort
of became your purpose?
Your purpose--
>> Yeah, it wasn't
clear in that moment.
It's now when I look
back, or, yeah, soon after
that I realized.
Because I made the
connection between the prayer
I'd made the day before
and then the channeling
coming the next day.
So it really felt like
that prayer was answered
almost instantaneously.
>> Oh, OK.
Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> And when that energy came
through did they say, hi,
we're Aikon, nice to meet you?
>> Yeah.
>> Kind of like that?
>> More or less, yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>> OK, interesting.
>> And then they said
where they were from.
And when I told people
about it, of course,
they were interested, and
they wanted to ask questions.
Yeah, my friends started--
it was just fun, and we
were playing with it.
And at that point,
I wasn't thinking,
oh, this is what I
can do for my work.
I was just really enjoying.
>> Sure.
>> And then I thought,
wow, it's so much fun.
And this information
that's coming through
is really powerful, actually.
I can put it on YouTube
and maybe other people
can enjoy it, too.
>> Right, right.
>> And then it just started
to grow really fast,
and people were messaging me
that they really loved it.
>> Excellent.
>> And then I just
wanted to do it more.
>> Wow, so you've been doing
that sort of as your main
full-time thing
for how long now?
>> Yeah, about 2
and 1/2 years maybe.
>> Excellent.
And you do it via
phone or in person?
>> I usually use--
yeah, sometimes in
person or Skype.
So I work with people
all over the world.
>> All right, excellent.
And when Aikon showed
up-- well, I should ask,
were they the first
sort of voice you heard,
or did you have any
other connections or--
>> Yeah, they were the first.
But in the beginning
when it first started,
there were a lot of
other beings that
were coming through as well.
Oh, there were?
OK.
>> Yeah.
Archangel Michael came quite
a bit and Archangel Rafael
and Archangel
Metatron and Quan Yin.
>> And when those energies
come through, do they--
how do you know it's them?
How did they-- do they
say where-- hi, I'm--
>> Yeah, they say who they are.
>> Oh, wow.
>> But it's like
I recognize them.
Like the first time
I met you and you
said you're Reuben, I was
like, nice to meet you.
Then the next time
I meet you, you
don't need to tell me
again that you're Reuben.
It's like I know you now.
>> OK, so the first time they
come through, do they say, hi,
I'm Michael?
>> Yeah, they say who they are.
>> And they say the
name and everything?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, interesting.
Were you raised a Christian?
>> I was raised Catholic.
>> Catholic, OK.
So were you able to
make that connection?
>> I didn't connect it at all.
It felt like a really separate
thing from the religion
that I grew up with.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Although angels are
mentioned in the Bible.
>> Yes.
>> But I never really felt a
connection in my heart with
that religion.
>> Sure.
>> It always felt kind
of off to me, you know?
And I followed it because I
wanted to be good as a child,
and my parents knew best.
So I did all the rituals, and
I went to church with them.
But in my heart, it
didn't feel right.
>> Yeah.
So when these angel
energies came through,
you didn't really have
much of a reference point?
>> Not really, no.
I just heard about them,
you know, on the internet.
You see people post
these angel cards?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, some things like that.
>> OK, so you had some
familiarity with those kinds
of things?
>> Yeah.
It was interesting because
each one that came through
expressed itself with
a different energy.
Like the voice
when I'm channeling
is really different
for each one.
Like Archangel Metatron,
when I channel him,
my voice is really low.
And Archangel Michael
is very gentle and soft.
So it's interesting
to see the difference.
>> Right, right.
So also, you've channeled
Metatron before?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, interesting.
Yeah, from my experiences
with Metatron,
he's always been
a heavier energy.
>> Yeah.
And very direct.
>> Very direct.
Very heavy and direct.
[LAUGHTER]
Interesting.
But now you've
built this library,
these reference points for
these different energies.
Other than Aikon--
you know, Aikon
is stating they're from sort
of the Pleiades star system--
have you had any
other what we would
label "extraterrestrial
energies" from star
systems in that sense?
>> Before I started channeling,
I used to have visitations from
them.
>> Oh, from-- "them" meaning?
>> Different races--
>> Different races?
>> --different beings.
>> Oh, OK, more than one?
>> Yeah.
>> All right, can you explain
a little bit about that?
>> Yeah.
So it happened at nighttime
when I was in bed sleeping.
And I would wake up in the
middle of the night and I would
see beings in my bedroom and--
>> What type?
Can you describe them?
>> Yeah, there are
lots of different ones.
Quite a lot, the ones,
the common ones known
as "The Grays" would come.
>> OK.
Did you have
conversations with them?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, really?
>> I remember one conversation.
Because I was not happy
that they were doing that.
It was scaring me.
And it was really
challenging for me, actually.
>> At what age?
About?
>> This was when I
was in my 20s, it.
Started
>> Oh, OK.
Later on then?
>> Yeah.
Well, I actually
had a past life--
not a past life, a regression,
a hypnotic regression
when I was 13.
I'm 37 now.
And in that
regression, she took--
it was a woman that
specializes with people
that have been having
extraterrestrial visitation
experiences, and I went to
her because I was really
struggling with it, actually.
And she regressed me back to
the first time it had happened.
And apparently it started
when I was 10 years old.
But I didn't have conscious
awareness of that.
>> Only until your 20s did you--
>> In my 20s, I was really
consciously experiencing it
and having memories.
>> Oh.
So do you think that could
have been a factor in where
you are now with your journey?
>> Most likely.
I feel like they
were doing something
to me, my physical
body, my energetic body.
I don't really know
what, maybe changing--
>> During the regression,
it didn't come up,
a details a little bit?
>> I don't remember
too much from that now.
It was like seven years ago.
I remember during
that regression I
saw a being that looked scary.
And then she asked it
to reveal its true--
how it truly was, and then
it turned into a light being,
and that took a lot of the
fear away around it, for me.
Fear was a major issue
that I was dealing with.
It was really scary for me that
I was waking up in the night
and these beings
were in my room.
And I was basically
paralyzed, and I
didn't have control of my body,
and I felt very vulnerable
and at their mercy kind of.
Like, they could do
what they want to me
and it reached the point
where I was forcing myself
to stay awake the whole
night so that they wouldn't
be able to come and get me.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And I was working
as a teacher,
so I was in the classroom, and
I couldn't function really well.
It was really hard.
>> So since then, and now
with this the channeling
and the connection
of these energies,
have you revisited that at all?
Have you talked to those beings?
>> Well, one time when I woke
up and they were there, I said,
like, why are you doing this?
It's scaring me.
Why are you coming into my home?
And they couldn't
understand the concept
of "my home," because they
just experienced everything
like space, and you
can't own space.
So I was trying to explain
the feeling of like,
this is my space,
where I feel safe.
And that was a very
foreign idea for them.
And I said, where--
>> Interesting conversation.
>> Yeah.
And they communicated with me
in my mind, like telepathically.
So I didn't have to speak.
I could just think something,
and then I heard the reply.
And I said, why
are you doing this?
What are you doing?
And they said,
we're helping you.
And you don't need to be
scared, we're helping you.
>> Did you believe them?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> Yeah, it's like I knew.
>> You knew?
>> Yeah.
>> It was OK.
Did they say in which way
they were helping you?
>> No.
>> No?
You just said they're helping.
You know they were helping you?
>> Yeah.
>> Did you get the fact
that you were helping them?
>> Yeah, I feel like they had
some programs and they needed
help with from humans.
And I think I was
part of that program.
>> Your conversation when you
were explaining that it was
your space, were they
listening carefully?
Or were they just
kind of, whatever?
What was there reaction to that?
>> Kind of like neither.
Almost like neutral.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> It wasn't like they really
wanted to figure out what
your thing was?
>> No.
>> Oh, that's interesting.
All right.
The ongoing conversation
seems to be, I'm guessing,
is with Aikon?
>> Yeah, I work
primarily with them now.
Most of the time,
I channel them.
>> And do they help you
facilitate talking to other
beings or other energies,
or it's just mostly them?
Does Aikon--
>> No, I haven't
had that experience.
The only kind of similar
experience I have with them
is that sometimes they go to
what they call the Akashic
Records, which is like an
energetic store of information.
And there's another group
from their species, let's say,
that works in the Akashic
Records Department.
It's not like this.
They just put it in this term so
we can understand because it's
easy for us to digest.
So sometimes they'll go
to these other beings
and ask them to get the
information for them
from the library and then
bring it back and share it.
>> OK, yeah, that's--
>> So it's kind of similar.
>> --very similar.
Yeah, yeah.
So in order to access
the Akashic, they--
it's like going to the
librarian and saying, hey,
I can't find this book.
I cannot.
You guys know this
way better than me.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, interesting.
>> But it's usually about the
energetic makeup of the person
that they're--
and their history,
their past life history,
that kind of thing.
>> And depending on that
person specifically that
you're working with?
>> Yeah.
>> Yep, OK.
What's next?
What's coming up, I guess?
Where do you see yourself
going with all of this?
>> I have no idea.
I'm just-- it's forcing me
to face my fears many times.
>> OK.
In what sense and how?
>> Because there were
fears in me rising up,
like wanting to have safety
and security and familiarity.
And each time that
came, something in me
knew that, no, I can't go back.
I just have to keep going.
And it was a bit
like a leap of faith.
OK, I'm just going to trust.
I literally have no money right
now, but I just can't go back.
I'm just going to
see what happens.
And sometimes it would feel
like really the last moment,
and then the universe would
just step in and catch me.
And the more it happened--
I was just trusting and allowing
and following my excitement--
the easier it got to do it.
>> Absolutely, been there.
I know what you're
talking about.
Yeah, it's exciting to
learn that you can truly
follow your excitement, and
the universe will provide.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's scary at
the same time, right?
Because you were conditioned to,
you know, you have to do this,
you have to work, you
have to pay the bills,
you have to do all these
things, and yeah, I understand.
It's fear and excitement
wrapped into one emotion.
>> And it's like, which
are you going to act on?
And you always have that choice.
>> Yeah, that's true.
And if you act out
of fear, then you
end up taking that job
that you didn't really
want to do anyways,
and then you go down
this path of, oh my
god, I'm doing this,
and I'm not really
having fun, you know?
>> And once I became aware
of this, this choice I have,
if I ever take the
choice of fear,
then it's always every single
time reflected back to me.
And something happens, and
I realize, yeah, that's why.
>> Exactly.
Well, thank you for
doing what you do,
and I look forward to
seeing more of your work.
And we'll look forward
to talking to Aikon next.
>> Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Many people have
an idea that when
we have a spiritual
awakening, that there's
kind of like enlightenment or
realization, and that's it.
When life is perfect,
no challenges come.
I'm happy for the
rest of my life.
And it's not exactly like that.
And for most people
what happens, actually,
is after their awakening,
there's a continuing process.
It's really the awakening
is the beginning,
where there's a recognition
of the true self as that which
lies beyond the
mental construct,
or the feeling of the separate
self as an individual being,
and then an egocentric
state and a transcendence
of that to a recognition that
actually the essence of all
of us is one and the same.
And once that mental
construction kind of falters,
but there's a
breakthrough beyond that,
the process of
integration begins.
And that's where all the trauma
from the past and our childhood
bubbles up in our
system into the light
of this consciousness that's
now emanating from our being.
And it comes up
to be integrated--
all the conditionings, all
the unconscious patterns, all
the beliefs, all the
pain that we felt,
the agony that we
felt as a child,
that maybe we're not even aware
is very deep under the surface,
it all bubbles up.
And so we go through a
process of integration.
And a deepening into presence.
>> Here we are,
Louise, in Blackburn.
>> Right.
>> No?
Blackburn, OK.
It's been how long
since we saw each other?
>> I think it's about two years.
>> Almost two years, yeah.
I think like a year and a half.
Yeah, almost two years.
Maybe like a year and nine
months or something like that.
You were in LA for
the Channel Panel,
just checking it out and
hanging out with Karen.
We got our great interview
with you and Aikon at the time.
And now we're sort
of doing an update.
So what's been happening?
Where are you at?
>> Yeah, and the big news is
I'm not channeling anymore.
>> Right, exactly.
So yeah, what happened?
Could you explain and
tell the audience?
>> Yeah, it was actually pretty
soon after our interview that I
went back to India.
And I was experiencing
a deepening
of my own spiritual journey
and a lot of integration.
So in my own journey,
as I was channeling,
I was going through
this process.
And after our last interview,
and I went back to India,
I experienced a deepening
of the initial awakening
that I spoke of in
our last interview.
And after that happened, when I
was channeling, for some time,
it felt like the channeling was
kind of becoming more distant,
pulling back somehow.
And at the same
time, I could feel
something new was being born.
Something new was wanting to
express itself from my heart.
And I started to have
an intuitive feeling
like I'm going to be
stopping channeling.
It's not going to be true
for me to continue with this.
>> Right.
>> And around the time I was
having that feeling and this
kind of pulling
away was happening,
it almost felt like I was
half-channeling and half this
new expression coming through.
>> Which was different than
the channeling experience?
>> Yeah, yeah.
It felt like something in me
was merging with the channeling,
almost.
And Aikon contacted me
directly at that time.
It was only the second
time that they'd ever
contacted me directly.
The first time was when the
initial contact happened.
And they just said to me that,
we'll be leaving you soon.
>> And what fashion
did that happen?
Like in a voice in
the head or a dream?
>> In the same way that I--
heard is not the right word.
I received the information
when I was channeling.
>> OK.
>> So I was very
familiar, this is Aikon.
And I know how they
communicate with me.
It wasn't a voice in the head.
It's more like
something coming through
that it's clear it's not me.
They told me this, and it was--
that's all they said.
>> Didn't give you
a time frame or--
>> Yeah.
And I thought, OK,
maybe there's going
to be some time, six months.
I didn't know really.
>> Right.
>> But it felt true
and it felt right,
and I had a knowing that
it was coming to an end.
And that it happened much
faster than I expected
because I was doing group events
for the channeling in Rishikesh
in India at the time, so I had
posters all around the town.
And it was during the time I
was doing these daily events
that it suddenly stopped.
And I went to the
event because I
knew people were going to
turn up to see me channeling.
And I explained to
everybody what happened.
And I said, I feel
there's something new that
wants to be shared now.
>> And you told
them Aikon's gone?
>> Yeah.
They were quite
surprised because they
had shown up to see me channel.
>> Sure.
My bottle's talking to me here.
>> Some were a little
disappointed and the left,
and that was OK.
>> Did you refund their
money or anything like that?
>> Well, that was
my donation anyway.
>> OK.
>> And some stayed
and they enjoyed it.
And since then, that's
what I've been doing.
>> Two years ago, the theme
of the conversation was about
integrity.
And I had mentioned that I was
talking with Aikon about myself
acting out of integrity and
sort of being set in alignment.
And I think that
the conversation
was about being truthful
and acting in integrity
and being as
truthful as possible.
And that's sort of--
those two go hand-in-hand.
>> The way I understand is that
there's two levels to being
in integrity.
And one level is
the human aspect,
where we try to mold our
person or our character,
and we try to be
good, and we try
to develop compassion,
kindness, integrity, and all
these beautiful qualities.
And that's kind of like
the personality level.
And that's a beautiful thing.
But there is a deeper
level of integrity,
which is when we totally
let go of all aspects
of our personality and
recognize there's only
pure awareness beyond that.
And that personality
is expressing itself
in the space of awareness.
It's only beingness.
And when we open to this
beingness, this pure divinity,
when we allow that to
flow through unabridged
without moving through a
filter of our conditioning
or unconscious patterns,
there's no question
of integrity or not integrity.
Because that is pure
love, and it can only
express itself as pure love.
So there's no effort
to be in integrity.
The opposite of effort and
trying to be a good person
or do the right thing,
there's a total letting go.
It's total surrender
of everything to that
and allowing that just to be.
There's no me anymore.
>> Right.
So the paradox of
this integration,
though, is there is the
self-integration of all
of these things, and then
there's the losing the self,
right?
So you sort of have to
do the two integrations
simultaneously--
>> Well, my experience and
understanding is that once
there's the transcendence of
that self, which is instant,
and it can be acknowledged
and directly experienced every
single moment, if there's a
total surrender and letting go,
there's nothing else to
do on the other level.
It happens automatically.
So it's just resting
as this being
and allowing whatever comes up.
So what happens is the past
traumas start to bubble up.
And there's another
thing, maybe some anger
towards our parents for
the way that they're
relating with us that was
painful, maybe some sadness.
And there's just a recognition,
OK, anger's here, sadness here,
and there's a total
opening to feeling it,
with gentleness and
with love and dropping
the tension into the
body, totally allowing it.
And from that space,
nothing needs to change,
nothing needs to be different.
I don't need to
integrate anything.
I don't need to become anything.
I don't need to get anywhere.
I'm already that.
Everything's already perfect.
And this process is happening.
>> Right, right.
And I guess what I was trying to
say is that how you bring that
into this daily life that
we humans have created
for ourselves in this noisy
world of, to do things,
and to do that, and you've
got to pay the bills,
and you've got to go to
work, and you got to--
those aspects are still there.
How do you completely surrender
and at the same time still
pay the bills?
>> It's a great question, and
it's a question that many,
many people ask.
And a lot of people
feel a kind of fear
around opening to this surrender
because there's an idea, OK,
how will I function
in the world?
>> Right.
>> But actually what happens
is that it becomes easier
to relate with people and
to interact with the world.
And there's no longer
a feeling of division
that there's the spiritual
world and the other world.
There's the higher
consciousness,
the lower consciousness, the
right, the wrong, the good,
the bad.
>> Right, right.
>> That takes place within
the construct of the ego mind,
which wants to divide everything
and say this is how things
should be.
But once we transcend
that, and we
open to the peace and the
beauty that's always here,
then everything can be allowed
and experienced with love.
And we're able to see that
everyone we relate with is just
another version of me.
And when we know
that to be true throw
our own direct experience,
we can't hurt other people.
We can't fight wars.
It only brings more peace
and love and compassion
to our society.
So the more people that
experience this, the more
transformation will
happen on the outside,
which will reflect the
transformation that's
happening within.
>> It's a feedback loop
that kind of keeps elevating
and elevating and elevating.
>> And another beautiful thing
that happens is our unique
gifts begin to
express themselves.
So we all have something
beautiful, a natural expression
to share with the world.
And many times what happens
when we're young children
and we are indoctrinated by the
school system and conditioning
of our society,
these gifts shut down
if we're not supported for
them to blossom and flower.
And when we start
to live in presence,
these gifts begin to reveal
themselves and express
themselves.
So we're not struggling to
survive and get money and--
>> Right.
Competition?
>> Yeah, compete with others.
We're just allowing this
divine energy, which
is the essence of all
life, to move through us
and create and express
however it wants.
And in order to do that, we
have to let go of our own idea
of what I should be doing
or how my life should be.
That acts as an obstacle to
the natural expression flowing
through.
>> The surrender part?
>> Yeah.
>> Surrender to what is?
>> And just like-- you know,
as you were saying that,
I was getting all this beautiful
nature that we have around us,
it's co-inhabiting, right?
The bees are coming
and pollinating,
and different species of trees
are blooming and coming out,
and the other trees
are doing their thing,
but there is maybe some sense
of competition in some areas.
But for the most
part, it's, you know--
>> It's a connectedness.
And we become part of that
field of connectedness,
and we begin to flow with
life, rather than struggling
and fighting and trying
to get something for me
and try to get more
than other people,
be better than other people.
We're just flowing
together as one.
And it's that connectedness,
that sense of being connected
to something deeper,
is what gives us
a feeling of inner
peace and harmony.
And that's what most
everybody is longing for.
We're seeking to feel
happiness, to feel good inside.
And most people are seeking
it in the material world,
in getting a sense of self
through becoming successful
somehow, so that they can be
recognized by other people
and feel, I'm great.
And it can only come when
we let go of all that
and come back to
simplicity of being
in the presence of this moment.
And then we notice
like, oh wow, there's
such beauty right in front
of me everywhere, all around.
And before, we didn't
have the eyes to see it.
We missed it all.
Because we're so busy
trying to get somewhere,
trying to get to the future.
And the mind thinks that, in
the future, I'll be happy.
When I get this, I'll be happy.
When I find my life partner, my
twin flame, then I'll be happy.
When the ETs come, and we
have contact with them,
then everything will be OK.
And it's always in the future.
But the future doesn't
exist except as imagination,
which is part of the mind.
And nor does the past
exist except as memories,
which is part of the mind.
The only thing that
ever exists is what's
here right now in this moment.
And it's an eternal
present moment.
And the reason why
most people are
trying to escape
from this moment
is because underlying
their experience when
they stop and become
still is a kind of feeling
of agitation and irritation.
And there is a movement
to avoid feeling that.
>> Sure.
>> And then everything that's
created or every action
that's taken, every word that's
spoken comes from that feeling
of agitation.
And it's embedded in the
creation in the physical world.
But if we allow
ourselves to meet that,
to drop deeper, and open
to that, that energy that's
agitated starts to calm
down when we really say,
OK, I'm going to sit with that.
I'm going to meet it.
And then there's
a sense of peace.
And then a deeper wisdom can
move through us from peace.
And then we're
creating, expressing,
relating from a place of peace.
>> And we can build from there,
as opposed to building things
with this agitated energy,
which then just creates more
disharmony, and
we can actually--
again, more integration, right?
Because now we're
building structures,
we're building
power grids, we're
building all of this
functional stuff
that we do in society, but
now with a new energy that
is more integrative
and supportive,
as opposed to that
competition energy you
were talking about earlier.
This, I've got to
get on top of it,
or I've got to out-beat
this person, or this-- yeah,
for sure.
In a sense this idea of just
even ETs or this channel
information or extra
dimensionals, that in itself
is just a permission slip for
us to get this information.
In fact, it already
resides in us.
And we've heard this over and
over again from the channel
messages, you know,
for me being in this
for so long, for me, it's
exciting to explore it
in this way, in this manner, but
ultimately, I feel what they're
all trying to say,
all the highest
gurus and the great
teachers of the planet
and Jesus and Buddha, and what
everybody's trying to say here,
it's all in you.
>> Yeah, I feel like part of
the maturing of humanity now,
what we're ready for, is to move
from trying to understand that
information on a mental level
and the fascination with
the teachings to the individual
direct application of it
in our own lives and living
it, moment to moment.
>> You know, yeah, not have
a specific identity with any
of it and just access it
when you need it and allow it
to come through when it comes.
>> Yeah, when we're open and
just in a state of allowing,
then we hand over the power
to the greater intelligence.
And this intelligence.
Is much greater than the little
me, the little mind, that
thinks, I know what I need to
do to be in control of my life
and to feel safe
and to feel secure.
When we let go of that,
the greater intelligence
has its own plan,
which when discovered
is often even more magical and
more synchronistic, more divine
than our mind can
even comprehend.
It's an intelligence
that can create
galaxies, that can create
all this multiplicity of life
forms.
How can our mind even
comprehend what that is?
And to know ourselves
as that, then that's
really the essence
of spirituality,
to be one with that.
To know that I am that.
I'm not this little me that
I believe myself to be.
We have to give up wanting to
control and get things in order
to access that.
>> Absolutely.
Keep us in touch
with your journey.
How do people get in
touch with you now?
>> Well, they can visit
my website, louisekay.net.
And I'm also on Facebook
and Instagram and YouTube.
They can connect
with me on there.
>> Thanks, again.
I'm glad we were able to
meet in your hometown.
Thank you.
>> Thanks, Reuben.
[MUSIC PLAYING]